docs: Add a sample script for VM automation of partitioning (#1307)
GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator: samples/bash/README.md

# BASH DVT Utility Scripts

## auto_partition.sh

> This script will generate-partitions and then execute the partitions based on the resources of the local VM and the size of the table being validated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script will execute DVT's [generate-table-partitions](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator?tab=readme-ov-file#generate-partitions-for-large-row-validations) feature and then execute the partitions based on the resources of the local VM and the size of the table being validated. This approach is an alternative to the [main options to scale DVT usage](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator?tab=readme-ov-file#scaling-dvt).
```

It makes the following assumptions:

- A row --hash validation is the desired validation type.
- The parallel validation will run on the current host (where this script is executing).
- All local CPU resources are for this process to use in full.
- All available RAM on the host is for this process to use in full.

> In essence the script will validate the table in small enough partitions to not exceed available memory and in enough parallel streams to max out avalable vCPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In essence the script will validate the table in small enough partitions to not exceed available memory and in enough parallel streams to max out available vCPUs.
```

To use the script please edit the following variables:
```
SRC="ora"
TRG="pg"
BQRH="--bq-result-handler=some-project.dvt_dataset.results"
```

### Examples

#### 1 million rows

> Validatate a 1m row table on a host with 4 vCPUs and > 30GB available RAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validate a 1m row table on a host with 4 vCPUs and > 30GB available RAM.
```

Submitting partition: 1
Submitting partition: 2
Submitting partition: 3
10/09/2024 10:57:55 AM-INFO: Currently running the validation for YAML file: /tmp/auto_partition/dvt_test.tab_vol_1m/0000.yaml
10/09/2024 10:57:55 AM-INFO: Currently running the validation for YAML file: /tmp/auto_partition/dvt_test.tab_vol_1m/0003.yaml
10/09/2024 10:57:55 AM-INFO: Currently running the validation for YAML file: /tmp/auto_partition/dvt_test.tab_vol_1m/0002.yaml
10/09/2024 10:57:55 AM-INFO: Currently running the validation for YAML file: /tmp/auto_partition/dvt_test.tab_vol_1m/0001.yaml
10/09/2024 10:59:05 AM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: ae42cc47-9577-4ab9-9be4-dea3d30ccd0b
10/09/2024 10:59:08 AM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: 9862c44e-f5a3-4914-8ea0-322ff453f9e3
10/09/2024 10:59:08 AM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: c3f33655-c533-475f-ba0c-ebd879b13ef1
10/09/2024 10:59:08 AM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: 49ad17c2-b453-4ae0-976d-72aacc83fe32
```

Notes:
- The table was small enough to validate in a single pass but because there are 4 vCPUs available it was split into 4 partitions
- The validation took just over 1 minute

#### 20 million rows

> Validatate a 20m row table on a host with 4 vCPUs and only 4GB available RAM. Requesting parallelism of 8, 2 DVTs per vCPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validate a 20m row table on a host with 4 vCPUs and only 4GB available RAM. Requesting parallelism of 8, 2 DVT processes per vCPU.
```

10/10/2024 11:26:14 AM-INFO: Currently running the validation for YAML file: /tmp/auto_partition/dvt_test.tab_vol_20m/0062.yaml
10/10/2024 11:26:14 AM-INFO: Currently running the validation for YAML file: /tmp/auto_partition/dvt_test.tab_vol_20m/0061.yaml
10/10/2024 11:27:57 AM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: 7a583883-8a8f-4751-90d4-74c1917bc570
10/10/2024 11:27:57 AM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: 00a70900-a5f7-4adc-8609-f02c0d423402
10/10/2024 11:27:57 AM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: 5bc3e8b4-18f7-453a-b23f-eee5b263b0c2
10/10/2024 11:27:58 AM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: 298b7c69-54c5-4571-a96e-b765666a727f
10/10/2024 11:27:59 AM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: 2e2f8a08-fb7a-4687-b9f5-77e02917867e
10/10/2024 11:27:59 AM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: 8f646fe7-7d73-4ce7-b807-58fd7b2e287a
10/10/2024 11:27:59 AM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: ded7b50e-3b58-4b14-b24c-a8569a85f838
10/10/2024 11:27:59 AM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: 064dffc5-daf5-4047-ac12-6f431aeceddd
```

Notes:

> - We requested 2 DVT proceses per vCPU and therefore run 8 DVT partitions concurrently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We requested 2 DVT processes per vCPU and therefore it ran 8 DVT partitions concurrently
```

- Because of low memory availability, 4GB, the table was split into 64 partitions
- The 64 partitions will take 8 passes to be processed
- The validation took 14 minutes

#### 100 million rows

> Validatate a 100m row table on a host with 4 vCPUs and only 30GB available RAM, requesting parallelism of 8, 2 DVTs per vCPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validate a 100m row table on a host with 4 vCPUs and only 30GB available RAM, requesting parallelism of 8, 2 DVT processes per vCPU.
```

10/28/2024 03:19:06 PM-INFO: Currently running the validation for YAML file: /tmp/auto_partition/dvt_test.tab_vol_100m/0032.yaml
10/28/2024 03:19:06 PM-INFO: Currently running the validation for YAML file: /tmp/auto_partition/dvt_test.tab_vol_100m/0035.yaml
10/28/2024 03:35:41 PM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: eac014c6-028a-4372-a1e1-2c2331a8ce62
10/28/2024 03:36:04 PM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: 0810b1ca-b618-4a20-bc9a-394aa0060014
10/28/2024 03:36:15 PM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: e75c35d4-ba9e-4986-af17-8b9da26c25aa
10/28/2024 03:36:16 PM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: a2f8a549-c51d-45d0-9571-96a882464926
10/28/2024 03:36:18 PM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: bbf89093-4d07-47c0-91a7-4f87823e5179
10/28/2024 03:36:18 PM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: c44ab3f2-6413-4629-bbc4-a60ab67a78b3
10/28/2024 03:36:19 PM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: f9487d83-3f3c-4bd2-aed1-1803035903f6
10/28/2024 03:36:22 PM-INFO: Results written to BigQuery, run id: b1db8834-9669-4112-8e87-67668d8ebf2d
```

Notes:

> - We requested 2 DVT proceses per vCPU and therefore run 8 DVT partitions concurrently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We requested 2 DVT processes per vCPU and therefore it ran 8 DVT partitions concurrently
```
